 "Why don’t skeletons fight each other? Because they don’t have the guts.",
    "Why did the scarecrow win an award? Because he was outstanding in his field.",
    "Why don’t oysters donate to charity? Because they’re shellfish.",
    "Why did the golfer bring two pairs of pants? In case he got a hole in one.",
    "Why don’t scientists trust atoms? Because they make up everything.",
    "Why was the math book sad? It had too many problems.",
    "Why can’t your nose be 12 inches long? Because then it would be a foot.",
    "What do you call fake spaghetti? An impasta.",
    "Why couldn’t the bicycle stand up by itself? It was two-tired.",
    "What do you call cheese that isn’t yours? Nacho cheese.",
    "Why did the tomato turn red? Because it saw the salad dressing.",
    "Why did the computer go to the doctor? It caught a virus.",
    "What do you call a bear with no teeth? A gummy bear.",
    "Why was the broom late? It swept in.",
    "What do you call a fish with no eyes? Fsh.",
    "Why did the scarecrow sit in the sun? To get a tan.",
    "What do you get when you cross a snowman with a vampire? Frostbite.",
    "Why did the banana go to the doctor? It wasn’t peeling well.",
    "Why don’t eggs tell jokes? They might crack up.",
    "What do you call an alligator in a vest? An investigator.",
    "Why did the coffee file a police report? It got mugged.",
    "What did the buffalo say to his son when he left? Bison.",
    "Why can’t you give Elsa a balloon? Because she’ll let it go.",
    "Why did the man put his money in the blender? He wanted liquid assets.",
    "What do you call a belt made of watches? A waist of time.",
    "Why don’t vampires go to barbecues? They don’t like steak.",
    "What did the ocean say to the beach? Nothing, it just waved.",
    "Why did the golfer bring a ladder? To get to the next level.",
    "What do you call a snowman’s dog? A slush puppy.",
    "Why don’t ants get sick? They have tiny ant-bodies.",
    "Why do bees have sticky hair? Because they use honeycombs.",
    "What do you call a pile of cats? A meowtain.",
    "Why couldn’t the leopard play hide and seek? Because he was always spotted.",
    "Why did the picture go to jail? It was framed.",
    "Why don’t graveyards ever get overcrowded? People are dying to get in.",
    "Why did the cookie go to the doctor? It felt crumby.",
    "Why don’t crabs give to charity? Because they’re shellfish.",
    "Why did the farmer win an award? He was outstanding in his field.",
    "What do you call a can opener that doesn’t work? A can’t opener.",
    "Why did the music teacher go to jail? She got caught with sharp notes.",
    "Why was the belt arrested? For holding up a pair of pants.",
    "Why did the banana go out with the prune? Because it couldn’t find a date.",
    "Why did the chicken join a band? Because it had the drumsticks.",
    "Why did the bicycle collapse? Because it was two-tired.",
    "What do you call a magic dog? A Labracadabrador.",
    "Why did the stadium get hot after the game? All the fans left.",
    "Why don’t skeletons ever start arguments? They don’t have the backbone.",
    "What do you call a boomerang that won’t come back? A stick.",
    "What did one hat say to the other? You stay here, I’ll go on ahead."
      "Why did the math teacher go to the beach? To work on her tan-gent.",
    "What’s orange and sounds like a parrot? A carrot.",
    "Why couldn’t the pony sing a lullaby? She was a little hoarse.",
    "Why did the fisherman get bad grades? Because he was below sea level.",
    "What do you call a factory that makes okay products? A satisfactory.",
    "Why did the coffee call the police? It got mugged.",
    "Why do cows wear bells? Because their horns don’t work.",
    "What do you call a dinosaur with an extensive vocabulary? A thesaurus.",
    "Why couldn’t the astronaut book a room on the moon? It was full.",
    "Why don’t skeletons go snowboarding? They don’t have the guts.",
    "What did the grape say when it got stepped on? Nothing, it just let out a little wine.",
    "Why don’t pirates shower before walking the plank? They just wash up on shore.",
    "Why did the gym close down? It just didn’t work out.",
    "What did one wall say to the other? I’ll meet you at the corner.",
    "Why are ghosts bad liars? Because you can see right through them.",
    "Why don’t elephants use computers? They’re afraid of the mouse.",
    "Why did the student eat his homework? Because the teacher said it was a piece of cake.",
    "Why are fish so smart? Because they live in schools.",
    "Why was the belt arrested? For holding up a pair of pants.",
    "Why did the banker switch careers? He lost interest.",
    "Why was the tomato blushing? It saw the salad dressing.",
    "Why do seagulls fly over the sea? Because if they flew over the bay, they’d be bagels.",
    "Why did the man run around his bed? To catch up on his sleep.",
    "Why did the cookie go to the party? Because it was feeling crumby.",
    "What do you call a nosy pepper? Jalapeño business.",
    "Why did the mushroom go to the party? Because he was a fungi.",
    "What’s brown, hairy, and wears sunglasses? A coconut on vacation.",
    "Why was the broom tired? It swept all day.",
    "What do you call an alligator in a vest? An investigator.",
    "Why did the scarecrow sit at the bar? To straw away his sorrows.",
    "Why was the football team so good at music? They had a great quarterback.",
    "Why don’t mountains ever get tired? They’re always grounded.",
    "What do you call a fly without wings? A walk.",
    "Why did the golfer bring a ladder? He wanted to reach the high scores.",
    "What’s a cat’s favorite color? Purr-ple.",
    "Why did the computer keep freezing? It left its Windows open.",
    "Why don’t melons get married? Because they cantaloupe.",
    "What did one snowman say to the other? Do you smell carrots?",
    "What’s a pirate’s favorite letter? You’d think it’s R, but it’s the C!",
    "Why was the calendar so popular? It had lots of dates.",
    "Why don’t scientists trust stairs? Because they’re always up to something.",
    "Why was the math book so stressed? It had too many problems.",
    "What do you call two birds in love? Tweet-hearts.",
    "What did the clock do when it was hungry? It went back four seconds.",
    "Why do ducks have feathers? To cover their butt-quacks.",
    "What do you call a sleeping bull? A bulldozer.",
    "Why do ghosts love elevators? Because it lifts their spirits.",
    "Why don’t sharks like fast food? They can’t catch it.",
    "What do you call a cow that plays an instrument? A moo-sician.",
    "Why did the barber win a race? He knew all the short cuts."
      "Why did the teddy bear say no to dessert? Because it was stuffed.",
    "Why don’t pancakes tell jokes? They’d just flip out.",
    "What do you call a boomerang that won’t come back? A stick.",
    "Why was the math teacher such a good dancer? She had algorithm.",
    "Why can’t you trust stairs? They’re always up to something.",
    "What do you call a pig that does karate? A pork chop.",
    "Why did the bicycle fall over? It was two-tired.",
    "What do you call a cow with no legs? Ground beef.",
    "Why can’t your nose be 12 inches long? Because then it would be a foot.",
    "Why don’t skeletons fight each other? They don’t have the guts.",
    "What’s a computer’s favorite snack? Microchips.",
    "Why are ghosts bad at lying? You can see right through them.",
    "Why did the fish blush? Because it saw the ocean’s bottom.",
    "What do you call a deer with no eyes? No idea.",
    "Why do bees hum? Because they don’t know the words.",
    "What do you call a dinosaur who knows a lot of words? A thesaurus.",
    "Why did the golfer wear two pairs of pants? In case he got a hole in one.",
    "What do you get when you cross a snowman and a dog? Frostbite.",
    "Why did the melon jump into the lake? It wanted to be a watermelon.",
    "Why did the chicken join the band? Because it had the drumsticks.",
    "Why do cows have hooves instead of feet? Because they lactose.",
    "Why are frogs so happy? They eat whatever bugs them.",
    "What do you call a sleeping dinosaur? A dino-snore.",
    "What’s the difference between a cat and a comma? A cat has claws at the end of its paws, and a comma is a pause at the end of a clause.",
    "Why don’t bakers play baseball? They might get caught in a pickle.",
    "Why did the cow cross the road? To get to the udder side.",
    "What’s the best way to throw a party on Mars? Planet.",
    "Why did the skeleton go to the party alone? He had no body to go with him.",
    "Why did the tomato cross the road? To ketchup with its friends.",
    "Why was the computer cold? It left its Windows open.",
    "What’s a pirate’s favorite workout? The plank.",
    "Why did the banana go to the doctor? It wasn’t peeling well.",
    "What do you call an illegally parked frog? Toad.",
    "Why do ducks make great detectives? They always quack the case.",
    "What do you call an elephant that doesn’t matter? An irrelephant.",
    "Why did the toilet paper roll down the hill? To get to the bottom.",
    "What kind of shoes do ninjas wear? Sneakers.",
    "Why did the mushroom go to the party? Because he was a fungi.",
    "What’s brown and sticky? A stick.",
    "Why can’t you give Elsa a balloon? Because she’ll let it go.",
    "Why did the tree go to therapy? It needed to branch out.",
    "Why do seagulls fly over the sea? Because if they flew over the bay, they’d be bagels.",
    "Why are elevator jokes so good? They work on many levels.",
    "What did one hat say to the other? You stay here, I’ll go on ahead.",
    "Why did the belt get arrested? For holding up a pair of pants.",
    "Why do bicycles fall over? Because they’re two-tired.",
    "What do you call a fake noodle? An impasta.",
    "What kind of car does a sheep drive? A Lamborghini.",
    "Why don’t you see elephants hiding in trees? Because they’re so good at it.",
    "Why did the dog sit in the shade? Because it didn’t want to be a hot dog."
    "Why did the chicken go to the seance? To talk to the other side."