1. If animals could talk, which species would be the rudest?
2. Why don't skeletons fight each other? They don't have the guts!
3. What would you do if you found a unicorn in your backyard?
4. If you could only eat one food for the rest of your life, what would it be and why?
5. Why do cows wear bells? Because their horns don’t work!
6. What’s the funniest thing you’ve ever heard a pet say?
7. If you could be any character from a TV show, who would you be and why?
8. What would happen if we all started wearing shoes on our hands instead of feet?
9. What’s the most ridiculous thing you’ve done for a dare?
10. If a tree falls in the forest and no one’s around, does it make a sound... or just a really loud “thud”?
11. If a vampire bites a zombie, does the zombie become a vampire or the vampire become a zombie?
12. Why do we never see hippos hiding in trees? Because they’re really good at it.
13. What would a world with flying cars and no traffic lights look like?
14. If you could communicate with a sock, what would you ask it about its life in the laundry?
15. Why don’t we ever see superheroes going to the gym? Isn’t being strong their job?
16. If the moon was made of cheese, what would astronauts do with it?
17. If you could make a new holiday, what would it be and how would people celebrate it?
18. What would it be like if fish could fly and birds could swim?
19. Would a giant chicken be more terrifying than a giant dog? Why or why not?
20. Why do people always say "don’t bite the hand that feeds you"? Who is actually feeding hands anyway?
21. If you could switch lives with any animal for a day, which one would you choose and why?
22. What would happen if everyone on Earth suddenly started speaking in rhymes?
23. How would you explain a refrigerator to an alien?
24. If you could have any superpower but it could only be used in the most awkward situations, what would it be?
25. Why do we park on driveways and drive on parkways?
26. If you could hire a celebrity to be your personal assistant, who would it be and what job would you give them?
27. If a book about failures doesn't sell, is it a success?
28. Why do they put locks on the doors of stores that are closed?
29. If you could have dinner with any fictional character, who would it be and what would you eat?
30. Why is it called a "building" when it's already built?
31. If you had to wear one outfit for the rest of your life, what would it be?
32. Why do we call it "sleeping like a baby" when babies wake up every two hours?
33. If you could teach a class on something absurd, what would it be?
34. Why do we have to "turn off" a light when it's already off?
35. What’s the most confusing thing you've ever heard someone say?
36. Why do we never see pigs in space?
37. If you could replace all the grass in the world with something else, what would it be?
38. Why do superheroes always wear capes, but we never see them taking them off in everyday life?
39. What would happen if every day was April Fool’s Day?
40. If a snowman gets a sunburn, does it melt faster?
41. Why do we never see hippos using umbrellas in the rain?
42. If a mosquito bites a vampire, does it become a vampire mosquito?
43. If your pet could start a business, what would it sell?
44. What would happen if we invented a "reverse" time machine that only goes backwards by a minute?
45. Why do we have to “put the cart before the horse” when we could just let them work together?
46. If aliens visited Earth and you were the first human they met, what would you do or say?
47. Why is the word “abbreviation” so long?
48. If you were a ghost, what kind of haunting would you do?
49. What would the world be like if everyone had to speak in riddles for a week?
50. Why do we say "sleeping like a log" when logs don’t actually sleep?
51. If you could have a pet dinosaur, which one would you choose?
52. Why do we put round pizzas in square boxes?
53. If a genie offered you three wishes, would you waste one on something silly?
54. What would happen if it rained spaghetti instead of water?
55. Why do we call it a "hamburger" when it's made of beef?
56. If clouds are made of water, why don’t we just collect them and make it rain whenever we want?
57. How would you explain the internet to someone from the 1800s?
58. If you could be an expert in something completely useless, what would it be?
59. What would the world be like if everyone had to wear hats all the time?
60. Why do we never see squirrels in space suits?
61. What if your shoes started talking to you? What would they say?
62. Why do we call it a “hot dog” when it’s neither hot nor a dog?
63. If you could build a house out of anything other than bricks, what would you use?
64. What would happen if animals suddenly started doing human jobs?
65. Why do we call it a "grape fruit" when it's neither a grape nor a fruit?
66. If you could live in any fictional world, which one would it be and what would you do there?
67. What if your computer suddenly developed feelings and started giving you advice?
68. Why is it that we always have to "break the ice" but never "melt the ice"?
69. If you could have a conversation with a famous painting, what would you ask it?
70. Why do we always have to "face the music"? What if the music is really bad?
71. If you could create your own planet, what would it look like?
72. Why don’t we see dinosaurs at the zoo?
73. If you had to choose one animal to be your personal bodyguard, which one would it be?
74. Why do we call it a "toothbrush" when it’s made for cleaning your teeth?
75. What would happen if you could control the weather for one day?
76. Why do we never see ghosts at the beach?
77. If you could invent a new holiday, what would it be and how would people celebrate it?
78. Why don’t we ever see flying pigs in the sky?
79. What if we all started walking backward instead of forward?
80. Why is it that when you’re not looking for something, you find it, but when you’re looking for it, you never do?
81. If you could speak any language, but it was only one word, what word would you choose?
82. Why do we always say “break a leg” to wish someone good luck?
83. What would happen if every time you laughed, you turned into a different animal?
84. Why do we never see vampires doing laundry?
85. If you could shrink down to the size of a bug, what would you do first?
86. Why do we always have to "look on the bright side" instead of just embracing the darkness?
87. What would you do if you woke up in a parallel universe where everything was exactly the same but one small thing was different?
88. Why do we say "don’t cry over spilled milk" when milk is already spilled?
89. If you had to choose one famous historical figure to be your personal tutor, who would it be?
90. Why do we call it "taking a nap" when you’re actually just lying down?
91. What would the world be like if everyone could only communicate through interpretive dance?
92. Why do we call it "raining cats and dogs" when it’s actually just rain?
93. If you could live in any time period, but only for one day, which would it be?
94. Why do we say "time flies" when it doesn’t actually have wings?
95. If you could transform into any household appliance, which one would you choose and why?
96. Why do we call them "sleeping pills" when they keep you awake for hours?
97. What would the world be like if we all had to wear capes for a day?
98. Why do we never see aliens riding bicycles?
99. If your phone could text you back, what do you think it would say?
100. Why do we say "goodnight" when we’re just going to sleep, not really having a "night" to begin with?
101. If you could have any animal as a pet, but it had to be the size of a house, which animal would you choose?
102. Why do we always say "the early bird gets the worm" when worms don’t even have alarms?
103. If you could only wear one color for the rest of your life, what color would you choose and why?
104. Why do we put hats on snowmen but never on sandcastles?
105. If you could have a dinner party with historical figures, who would you invite, and what would be the most awkward conversation?
106. What would it be like if your pet could write a book about you?
107. Why do we always say "never look a gift horse in the mouth" when we’ve never even met a horse that gives gifts?
108. If you could live inside any video game, which one would you choose and what would your character do?
109. Why do we call it "sleeping like a log" when logs don’t sleep?
110. If you had to wear one outfit every day for the rest of your life, what would it be?
111. What would happen if your shoes could talk? What would they say about you?
112. Why is it that we always find things in the last place we look? Shouldn’t that be true from the start?
113. If you could switch lives with any fictional villain, who would it be and why?
114. Why do we never see giraffes at the gym? Do they need workout plans too?
115. If you could invent a new pizza topping, what would it be and how would you convince people to try it?
116. Why do we always call it "a piece of cake" when it’s never really that easy?
117. If you were a superhero, but only had the ability to turn invisible when no one was looking, what would you do?
118. What would happen if you tried to teach your pet how to play chess?
119. Why do we say "don’t count your chickens before they hatch" when chickens are just as good as eggs?
120. If you had to wear your pajamas to a job interview, what would you wear and why?
121. Why do we always talk about "killing time"? Isn’t time really just a social construct?
122. If you could have a sidekick, but they could only communicate through song, who would you choose?
123. Why do we always say "easy as pie" when making pie is actually quite complicated?
124. What would happen if all the clouds decided to take a day off from the sky?
125. Why do we call it a "hamburger" when it’s not made of ham at all?
126. If you could turn any mundane activity into an Olympic sport, which one would you choose to compete in?
127. Why do we say "it’s raining cats and dogs" when there’s never been a single rainstorm like that?
128. If your pet could talk, what would be the first thing it would complain about?
129. Why do we always say "when pigs fly"? Pigs can’t fly... or can they?
130. If you could switch places with any cartoon character, who would you choose and what mischief would you get up to?
131. Why do we say "don’t cry over spilled milk" when it’s just milk? Why is milk so special?
132. What would happen if instead of a handshake, people greeted each other with an interpretive dance?
133. Why do we always say "seeing is believing"? Can’t we just believe things without having to see them?
134. If you could have a pet unicorn, what would you name it and what would its special talent be?
135. Why do we have to put a "do not disturb" sign on hotel doors? Who else would it be disturbing if not the person inside?
136. If you had to give a TED Talk on something completely ridiculous, what would it be?
137. Why do we say "sleep tight"? Does sleep ever get loose?
138. What would you do if every time you tried to tell a joke, everyone burst out laughing before you finished?
139. Why do we call it "a nose for news" when noses don’t have a great track record for finding news?
140. If you had to invent a new form of transportation that involved animals, what would it look like?
141. Why do we call it a "cat nap" when cats nap for hours?
142. If you could only speak in movie quotes for an entire day, which movie would you quote the most?
143. Why do we say "break a leg" to wish someone good luck when you’d actually be upset if they broke their leg?
144. If you could have a conversation with your refrigerator, what would it say?
145. Why is it that we never hear about ghost cows?
146. If you could turn any object into a magical item, which one would you choose and what would its power be?
147. Why do we say "when it rains, it pours"? Shouldn’t we expect it to just rain a little bit?
148. If you had a magic carpet, but it could only fly at a very slow speed, what would you do with it?
149. Why do we call it a "high five"? Shouldn’t it be more like a "medium five"?
150. If you could train any animal to do your homework, which animal would you choose and why?
151. Why do we always say "cheer up" when no one ever asks the clouds to cheer up?
152. If you could design a new amusement park ride, what would it look like and what would it be called?
153. Why do we call it "raining cats and dogs"? Are cats and dogs just falling from the sky?
154. If you could create a new sport, what would it be and how would you play it?
155. Why do we say "you can’t teach an old dog new tricks"? Why are we so sure about that?
156. If you could be the president of the world for a day, what would your first law be?
157. Why do we call it "pulling the wool over someone’s eyes"? Why wool, specifically?
158. If you could have a dinner party with any fictional villain, who would it be and what would the menu look like?
159. Why do we say "catch some Z’s"? Why is Z the letter for sleeping?
160. If you could have a pet that was a mythical creature, which one would you choose?
161. If you could teleport, but only to places you've already been, where would you go first?
162. Why do we say "it's just a drop in the ocean" when drops are so much smaller than the ocean?
163. If your shoes had personalities, which one would be the most dramatic?
164. Why do we say "you can't have your cake and eat it too"? What if I just want a slice?
165. If you could live in any TV show universe, but only as an extra, which one would you choose?
166. Why do we never see chickens acting like humans in movies? They’d be great actors!
167. If you could get a superpower but it only worked once a year, what would you choose and when would you use it?
168. Why do we say "as easy as pie" when making a pie requires a lot of effort?
169. If you could make a rule for the entire world to follow, what would it be and why?
170. Why do we say "it’s always darkest before the dawn" when the dawn just brings more sunlight?
171. If you could talk to one kind of vegetable, which one would you choose and what would you ask it?
172. Why do we always say "don’t put all your eggs in one basket" when baskets are meant for eggs?
173. If you could only listen to one song for the rest of your life, what would it be and why?
174. Why do we never see ghosts using smartphones? Are they too old-fashioned?
175. If you had a time machine, but it only took you to places where people already know the future, where would you go?
176. Why do we say "don’t count your chickens before they hatch" when chickens are such an unpredictable bunch?
177. If you could turn any food into a dessert, which one would you choose?
178. Why do we always say "don’t cry over spilled milk"? Can’t we just clean it up and move on?
179. If you could swap places with any fictional sidekick, who would you choose and why?
180. Why do we say "hit the nail on the head" when nails don’t have heads?
181. If you could make one object from your house come to life, which one would you choose and why?
182. Why do we say "there’s no time like the present" when the present is always just a moment away from the past?
183. If you could be a superhero but had to wear a costume made of only recycled materials, what would your outfit look like?
184. Why do we always say "you can’t teach an old dog new tricks"? Have we ever tried?
185. If you could only communicate through emojis for one day, what would you say to people?
186. Why do we say "the grass is always greener on the other side" when the grass is probably just fake turf?
187. If you could build your dream house out of candy, what kind would you use for the walls?
188. Why do we always say "it’s a piece of cake" when cake can be hard to cut?
189. If you could switch lives with any cartoon character for a week, who would you choose and what would you do?
190. Why do we say "the ball is in your court" when we don’t even know whose court it is?
191. If you could be famous for one thing, but it had to be the most bizarre talent, what would it be?
192. Why do we say "watch your step" when we can’t literally watch every step we take?
193. If you could invent a new color, what would you call it and what would it look like?
194. Why do we always say "don't let the bedbugs bite"? How can we prevent bugs from biting a bed?
195. If your socks could pick their own outfits, what would they choose for you?
196. Why do we say "it’s as clear as mud" when mud is definitely not clear?
197. If you could have a personal robot assistant, what would you program it to do for you first?
198. Why do we say "like a kid in a candy store" when kids never seem to get enough candy?
199. If you could have any job in the world, but it had to be the least glamorous, what would you choose?
200. Why do we say "when the cat’s away, the mice will play" when cats never really leave the house?
201. If you could be any inanimate object for a day, what would you choose and what would you do?
202. Why do we say "you’re barking up the wrong tree" when trees don’t even bark?
203. If you could change the sound of your voice to anything, what would you choose and why?
204. Why do we say "don’t burn your bridges" when bridges are just made of wood and metal?
205. If you could combine two animals to make a new creature, which ones would you choose?
206. Why do we always say "the elephant in the room" when no one ever talks about actual elephants?
207. If you could get rid of one holiday, which one would you pick and why?
208. Why do we say "it’s a dog-eat-dog world" when dogs don’t really eat other dogs?
209. If you could only eat food shaped like animals for the rest of your life, what animal shape would you pick?
210. Why do we say "the proof is in the pudding" when there’s no actual proof in the pudding?
211. If you could only use one kind of utensil for the rest of your life, what would it be and why?
212. Why do we say "it’s all in the details" when some details are just not that important?
213. If you could turn any household chore into an Olympic sport, what would it be?
214. Why do we say "let the cat out of the bag" when cats are already good at escaping bags?
215. If you could bring any fictional invention to life, what would it be and how would you use it?
216. Why do we say "you can’t make an omelet without breaking a few eggs" when eggs are so easy to crack?
217. If you had to create a holiday where everyone has to wear hats, what would the theme of the hats be?
218. Why do we say "sleep like a baby" when babies are known for waking up every hour?
219. If you could only eat one kind of candy forever, which one would it be and why?
220. Why do we say "it’s not rocket science" when rocket science sounds like it would be quite fun?
221. If you could be a professional in any completely made-up sport, what would it be and how would you train for it?
222. Why do we say "don’t bite off more than you can chew" when chewing is supposed to be fun?
223. If you could have a superpower, but only use it for trivial things, what would it be and how would you use it?
224. Why do we say "don’t cry over spilled milk" when milk is easy to clean up?
225. If you could invent a new type of fruit, what would it taste like and what would it be called?
