  "Why don’t secretaries play hide and seek? Because good luck hiding in plain text!",
    "Why did the employee bring a ladder to work? Because they wanted to reach new heights.",
    "Why don’t accountants ever get sunburned? They always stay in the shade of their spreadsheets.",
    "Why did the stapler break up with the paper? It felt like it was being used.",
    "Why was the computer so calm at work? It had a lot of processors to handle the stress.",
    "Why don’t ghosts work overtime? They’re afraid of burnout.",
    "Why was the printer always in trouble? Because it couldn’t keep its toner down.",
    "Why did the office chair get promoted? It had great support.",
    "Why do employees love Mondays? They don’t… It’s just sarcasm.",
    "What did the manager say to motivate the lazy employee? ‘You’re a great example of potential energy!’",
    "Why don’t meetings ever end? They’re on a roll (of boredom).",
    "Why was the lightbulb so good at its job? It always kept its bright ideas shining.",
    "Why was the coffee so popular at work? It kept everyone grounded.",
    "Why did the pen get promoted? It had a lot of ink-tegrity.",
    "Why did the paperclip apply for a leadership role? It always knew how to hold things together.",
    "Why don’t interns make good detectives? They always leave too many loose ends.",
    "Why was the office plant so successful? It had deep roots in the company.",
    "What did the copier say to the printer? ‘You need to stop copying me.’",
    "Why do pencils always seem stressed? They’re under a lot of pressure to make a point.",
    "Why don’t calendars ever get fired? Because they’re so good at keeping dates.",
    "Why did the keyboard break up with the mouse? It felt like it wasn’t being clicked with.",
    "Why don’t bosses ever tell jokes? They’re afraid of losing control of the room.",
    "What do you call a job interview at a haunted house? A boo-siness meeting.",
    "Why was the elevator so good at its job? It always knew how to lift people up.",
    "Why did the Wi-Fi go to therapy? It felt disconnected.",
    "What’s an office worker’s favorite instrument? The staple-izer.",
    "Why did the file cabinet go on a diet? It was tired of carrying excess weight.",
    "Why don’t coworkers share chairs? It’s just not a sit-able solution.",
    "Why did the pen refuse to work? It was out of ink-spiration.",
    "Why did the clock break up with its job? It felt like it was always running out of time.",
    "Why do office chairs make terrible teammates? They just sit around all day.",
    "Why don’t coworkers play cards during meetings? Because someone might get decked.",
    "Why was the office gossip so bad at their job? They couldn’t keep anything confidential.",
    "Why did the employee bring a ruler to work? To measure up to the competition.",
    "Why was the stapler always invited to meetings? Because it had a strong bond with everyone.",
    "What do you call a lazy manager? A delegator extraordinaire.",
    "Why was the boss afraid of the accountant? Because they could always count on them.",
    "What’s the most suspenseful place in the office? The printer queue.",
    "Why did the team break up with their manager? Too many micromanaging moments.",
    "Why do project managers love stairs? They’re always thinking about the next step.",
    "Why was the office so noisy? Everyone had their own agenda.",
    "What do you call an office with a bad atmosphere? Toxic cubicle syndrome.",
    "Why don’t office workers take risks? They’re afraid of paper cuts.",
    "Why do tech teams always bring backup supplies? They don’t trust the cloud.",
    "Why did the office fridge quit? Too many cold shoulders.",
    "Why don’t coworkers play hide and seek? Because someone always emails the location.",
    "Why was the coffee machine the most popular coworker? It brewed strong connections.",
    "Why did the office computer act up? It had a case of Friday fever.",
    "What’s an office worker’s favorite day? Pay day!"
    "Why did the employee bring a blanket to the office? Because they wanted to cover all their bases.",
    "Why did the whiteboard get promoted? It had great ideas written all over it.",
    "Why don’t office workers trust elevators? They’re always up to something.",
    "Why did the office worker bring a pencil to a meeting? In case they had to draw conclusions.",
    "Why do offices love plants? They help everyone stay rooted.",
    "Why did the coffee file a complaint? It was getting mugged every morning.",
    "Why did the clock get a promotion? It was always on time.",
    "Why was the stapler always calm? It could handle pressure.",
    "What do you call a messy desk? A work in progress.",
    "Why did the boss refuse to tell a joke? They didn’t want to lower the bar.",
    "Why do offices always have bad coffee? To keep the employees awake with complaints.",
    "Why did the employee bring a broom to work? To sweep away the competition.",
    "Why did the manager carry a ladder? To help their team reach new heights.",
    "Why was the meeting so cold? Too many icy stares.",
    "Why did the spreadsheet apply for a job? It wanted to excel.",
    "Why was the Wi-Fi in a bad mood? It couldn’t connect with anyone.",
    "What’s the most musical office supply? The paper jam.",
    "Why did the boss become a musician? They wanted to play second fiddle to no one.",
    "Why was the office printer acting up? It ran out of toner patience.",
    "Why don’t coworkers ever tell secrets? Someone’s bound to leak them.",
    "Why did the intern sit under the desk? To work on low-priority tasks.",
    "Why don’t bosses tell ghost stories? They don’t want to spook productivity.",
    "Why did the office chair break? It couldn’t handle the pressure of the job.",
    "Why don’t meetings ever happen in the dark? Someone might power nap.",
    "What’s the most stressful job in the office? Being the ‘Reply All’ button.",
    "Why did the paper shredder go on strike? It felt torn apart inside.",
    "Why was the file cabinet always relaxed? It had all its folders in order.",
    "Why do employees love Fridays? They finally get to take their work home—mentally.",
    "What’s an office worker’s least favorite kind of music? Heavy metal… filing cabinets.",
    "Why was the copier so annoying? It kept repeating itself.",
    "Why do office supplies never get lost? They always stay on the desk surface.",
    "Why was the office cat such a good worker? It always pounced on opportunities.",
    "Why don’t managers eat snacks at their desk? They’re afraid of crunch time.",
    "Why was the office door so polite? It knew how to open up for people.",
    "Why do office clocks hate Mondays? They can’t stand the tick-tock of another week starting.",
    "Why did the boss get a new phone? To take their call to leadership literally.",
    "Why don’t coworkers play pranks with sticky notes? It’s a sticky situation.",
    "What do you call a lazy coworker? A chair warmer.",
    "Why did the office fridge go viral? It kept everything cool.",
    "Why was the HR manager so good at dancing? They knew all the right steps.",
    "Why do office workers love weekends? They’re better than weak days.",
    "Why don’t printers ever play music? They’re afraid of getting jammed.",
    "Why did the office desk need therapy? It couldn’t handle the workload.",
    "Why was the boss so happy about the team? They really clicked in meetings.",
    "Why did the lamp get a bonus? It was always shining bright.",
    "Why did the employee bring a fork to work? To eat their words.",
    "Why was the office so loud? Everyone was trying to be heard in the Zoom meeting.",
    "Why don’t office workers play sports? The break room is already competitive enough.",
    "Why was the report so well-written? It had all the right margins."
    "Why don’t office workers ever gossip in the elevator? It’s a high-level conversation.",
    "Why did the employee bring a pencil to the presentation? To draw attention.",
    "What do you call a boss who tells jokes? A pun-isher.",
    "Why do managers make terrible comedians? They always try to micromanage the punchline.",
    "Why did the intern quit their job at the bakery? They couldn’t handle the dough.",
    "Why did the computer bring a pencil to work? To draw some conclusions.",
    "Why do programmers always mix up Christmas and Halloween? Because Oct 31 == Dec 25.",
    "What’s the hardest part of working in an office? Trying to keep your coffee hot while you type.",
    "Why don’t secretaries play poker? Because they’re always dealing with paperwork.",
    "What did the boss say after the big meeting? 'Well, that was a lot of talk and no action.'",
    "Why did the HR manager become a detective? They always wanted to find the cause of the problem.",
    "Why did the IT guy break up with the server? It couldn’t handle the connection anymore.",
    "What do you call a manager with no plans? A ‘filler’ manager.",
    "Why was the coffee machine the hardest worker in the office? It kept brewing up great ideas.",
    "Why was the HR manager so good at yoga? They always knew how to stretch the truth.",
    "Why was the office so quiet during lunch? Everyone was too ‘chews-ing’ their food.",
    "Why don’t accountants make good comedians? They’re too busy balancing the books.",
    "Why did the boss sit by the window? To keep an eye on the competition.",
    "Why did the employee bring a dog to work? To help ‘ruff’ up some ideas.",
    "Why did the office plant go to therapy? It was in need of some deep-rooted guidance.",
    "Why don’t employees like working from home? Because they can’t escape their housemates.",
    "Why did the project manager fail at being a stand-up comedian? Their timing was off.",
    "Why was the office always so clean? The janitor was always sweeping up the competition.",
    "Why do accountants hate doing audits? Because they’re always digging up bad news.",
    "Why don’t employees ever text their boss? They’re afraid of getting charged with ‘miscommunication.’",
    "What’s an office worker’s favorite game? ‘Find the missing email.’",
    "Why did the email go to therapy? It had too many attachments.",
    "What’s an office worker’s favorite workout? A power nap during meetings.",
    "Why was the office desk so anxious? It had too many papers piling up.",
    "Why was the meeting so quiet? Everyone was trying to avoid the awkward silence.",
    "Why did the manager hire a musician? To help with the office ‘bandwidth.’",
    "Why do HR managers like meetings? Because they love ‘hearing everyone’s input.’",
    "What did the coffee say to the employee? 'You’re brew-tiful!'",
    "Why did the employee bring a broom to the meeting? They wanted to sweep up the competition.",
    "Why did the office worker cross the road? To get to the other side of the spreadsheet.",
    "Why don’t employees ever trust staplers? Because they have a history of ‘clipping’ the truth.",
    "Why did the manager join the circus? To juggle all the tasks.",
    "Why was the office party so boring? The boss didn’t ‘raise the bar.’",
    "Why don’t coworkers play board games? Because someone always takes too long to make a move.",
    "Why did the office worker bring a pillow to the meeting? To catch up on their dreams.",
    "Why did the printer fail at comedy? It couldn’t make any decent ‘prints.’",
    "Why was the meeting so productive? Because the coffee was on fire.",
    "Why don’t office workers trust calendars? They’re always dated.",
    "Why was the receptionist always so calm? She knew how to handle the ‘call’-enges.",
    "Why did the manager tell the office worker to take a lunch break? To ‘chews’ wisely.",
    "Why was the lunchroom so quiet? Everyone was just ‘chews-ing’ their food.",
    "Why did the boss bring a tennis racket to work? Because they wanted to ‘serve’ their employees.",
    "What do you call a lazy office worker? A ‘procrastinator.’",
    "Why did the employee take a vacation to the beach? To ‘sea’ the world."
    "Why did the office worker bring a ladder to work? To climb the corporate ladder.",
    "Why do managers always use the phrase 'let’s circle back'? Because they never really get to the point.",
    "Why was the office printer so good at relationships? It knew how to connect."
]